add flagday updates (#520)
urbit/urbit.org: content/breach.md

## TL;DR

A network breach is coming up on Tuesday, ~2020.12.8.

Unlike past breaches, this one comes with a tool to export and reimport all of your data so that you don't lose anything; we call it `flagday` (details below).

This document will be kept up-to-date throughout the process, and updates will be issued via Twitter [here](https://twitter.com/tloncorporation/).

*If you are self-hosting your ship, following these instructions is mandatory in order to communicate with the rest of the network.*

## When is the next breach?

> The target date is Tuesday December 8th, but it may happen on Tuesday December 8th.

Reviewer: We say `8th` twice

Author: Whoops.

## I’m self-hosted—what do I need to do?

> **Simply use the `flagday` tool that we have provided**. It will perform all the relevant actions on your behalf, as well as exporting and reimporting your data. You can find the `flagday` script [here](https://gist.github.com/philipcmonk/8e3d095b9545069237c759cd9aad32c2). Usage instructions are provided in the comments at the top of the file. It's safe to use `flagday` now, but **it's not necessary to do so until after the breach.**

Reviewer: Should add that you can use `flagday` now *for testing only*.  You will have to redo it once the breach occurs.  Something like:

```suggestion
**Simply use the `flagday` tool that we have provided**. It will perform all the relevant actions on your behalf, as well as exporting and reimporting your data. You can find the `flagday` script [here](https://gist.github.com/philipcmonk/8e3d095b9545069237c759cd9aad32c2). Usage instructions are provided in the comments at the top of the file. **It's not necessary to run `flagday` until after the breach**. It's safe to try it out now to get comfortable with the process if you want, but you'll have to run it again after the breach.
```

Alternatively, you can perform the migration manually (see below).

## Can I perform the migration manually?

> Yes—follow these steps:

Reviewer: Should mention that these manual instructions *do not* migrate your user data (group subscriptions, backlog, etc).
